README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/JB8SDF9g)
# LAB3

## Lab 3 – Motion Planning with RRT

All required videos for Questions 3, 4, and 5 have been submitted in the `Videos/` folder.

All videos were originally screen‑recorded on a Mac in `.mov` format and were converted to `.mp4` using `ffmpeg`. The original `.mov` videos are included in the `Videos/Original_MOV_Videos/` folder.

### Video Files

| Question | File Name | Link |
|----------|-----------|------|
| Q3 | `question-3.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-3.mp4) |
| Q4 | `question-4-default.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-4-default.mp4) |
| Q4 | `question-4-top.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-4-top.mp4) |
| Q5 | `question-5-default.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-5-default.mp4) |
| Q5 | `question-5-top.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-5-top.mp4) |

Note:

The demo script `adarrt.py` is written for Python 2 and is provided for reference only.

In Lab 3, both Python 2 and Python 3 versions of the script are already included in the Docker images provided (as referenced in the Overleaf file), depending on which version you choose to use.

The Lab 3 simulation supports both Python 2 and Python 3 implementations; however, the real-world lab only supports Python 2.

Commit message:

Updated --sim and --real files

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/JB8SDF9g)
# LAB3

## Lab 3 – Motion Planning with RRT

All required videos for Questions 3, 4, and 5 have been submitted in the `Videos/` folder.

All videos were originally screen‑recorded on a Mac in `.mov` format and were converted to `.mp4` using `ffmpeg`. The original `.mov` videos are included in the `Videos/Original_MOV_Videos/` folder.

### Video Files

| Question | File Name | Link |
|----------|-----------|------|
| Q3 | `question-3.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-3.mp4) |
| Q4 | `question-4-default.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-4-default.mp4) |
| Q4 | `question-4-top.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-4-top.mp4) |
| Q5 | `question-5-default.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-5-default.mp4) |
| Q5 | `question-5-top.mp4` | [View](Videos/question-5-top.mp4) |

Note:

The demo script `adarrt.py` is written for Python 2 and is provided for reference only.

In Lab 3, both Python 2 and Python 3 versions of the script are already included in the Docker images provided (as referenced in the Overleaf file), depending on which version you choose to use.


### Code Files Used

The files used to perform the Lab 3 simulations and real‑world execution are included in this repository.

| Purpose | File Name | Link |
|---------|-----------|------|
| Simulation (Python 3) | `adarrt.py` | [View](adarrt/src/adarrt.py) |
| Real Robot Execution (Python 2) | `adarrt_python2.py` | [View](adarrt/src/adarrt_python2.py) |

The Python 3 file was used for all simulation runs recorded in the videos.  
The Python 2 file was used during the in‑person lab session on the real robot arm, as required by the hardware setup.
